Documentation update for reference resolution without expansion on qu… (#710)
commercetools/commercetools-sync-java: docs/usage/CART_DISCOUNT_SYNC.md

##### Syncing from a commercetools project

When syncing from a source commercetools project, you can use [`transformCartDiscountReferences`](https://commercetools.github.io/commercetools-sync-java/v/4.0.1/com/commercetools/sync/cartdiscounts/service/CartDiscountReferenceTransformService.html#transformCartDiscountReferences-java.util.List-)

> the method that transforms(resolves by querying and caching key values for Ids) and maps from a `CartDiscount` to `CartDiscountDraft` using cache in order to make them ready for reference resolution by the sync, for example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method that transforms(resolves by querying and caching key-to-Id pairs) and maps from a `CartDiscount` to `CartDiscountDraft` using cache in order to make them ready for reference resolution by the sync, for example: 
```

````java
// Build a CartDiscountQuery for fetching cart discounts from a source CTP project without any references expanded for the sync:

> final CartDiscountQuery cartDiscountQueryWithReferences = CartDiscountReferenceResolutionUtils.buildCartDiscountQuery();

Reviewer 2: Curious why do we need utils to build a query if we do not need those expansions anymore?

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/7400126981ca47bba274a70a6fd2f53798f85970

// Query all cart discounts (NOTE this is just for example, please adjust your logic)
final List<CartDiscount> cartDiscounts =
    CtpQueryUtils

>         .queryAll(sphereClient, cartDiscountQueryWithReferences, Function.identity())

Reviewer 2: why not just `cartDiscountQuery`? Isn't it obvious that every commercetools object might have a reference? Previously we expanded so it was special but now it is just a query, right?

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/7400126981ca47bba274a70a6fd2f53798f85970

        .thenApply(fetchedResources -> fetchedResources
            .stream()
            .flatMap(List::stream)
            .collect(Collectors.toList()))
        .toCompletableFuture()
        .join();
````

In order to transform and map the cartDiscount, 
Initialize [`CartDiscountReferenceTransformService`](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/tree/master/src/main/java/com/commercetools/sync/cartdiscounts/service/CartDiscountReferenceTransformService.java) with `sphereClient` and cache(You can use your own cache implementation and pass the map).

> For cache implementation, you can refer an example class in the library - which implements the cache using caffeine library with an LRU based cache eviction strategy[`InMemoryReferenceIdToKeyCache`](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/tree/master/src/main/java/com/commercetools/sync/commons/utils/InMemoryReferenceIdToKeyCache.java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cache implementation, you can refer an example class in the library - which implements the cache using caffeine library with an LRU(Last Recently Used)-based cache eviction strategy[`InMemoryReferenceIdToKeyCache`](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/tree/master/src/main/java/com/commercetools/sync/commons/utils/InMemoryReferenceIdToKeyCache.java).
```

> For cache implementation, you can refer an example class in the library - which implements the cache using caffeine library with an LRU (Last Recently Used) based cache eviction strategy[`InMemoryReferenceIdToKeyCache`](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/tree/master/src/main/java/com/commercetools/sync/commons/utils/InMemoryReferenceIdToKeyCache.java).

Reviewer 2: `Last recently used`  -> `Least recently used`

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/2e12c2e33d957cebe6cfc00fd2a9691635fdfefc

> For cache implementation, you can refer an example class in the library - which implements the cache using caffeine library with an LRU (Last Recently Used) based cache eviction strategy[`InMemoryReferenceIdToKeyCache`](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/tree/master/src/main/java/com/commercetools/sync/commons/utils/InMemoryReferenceIdToKeyCache.java).

Reviewer 2: > caffeine

Did not we say that we can default to it but allow to use own caching library?

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/af965b62946101220a287516f55412f2033d6fea. added a new Interface and default implementation.

> Then call the transformCartDiscountReferences method with the `cartDiscounts` parameter as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then call the `transformCartDiscountReferences` method with the `cartDiscounts` parameter as shown below:
```

````java

> // Fetch(Id to key values for references) into the cache and map from CartDiscount to CartDiscountDraft using cache with considering reference resolution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// For every key reference fetch its id, cache it and map from CartDiscount to CartDiscountDraft. With help of the cache same key reference ids can be reused.
```

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/3063179ceb1c38af11b01101ebac71045925b70d

> final List<CartDiscountDraft> cartDiscountDrafts = CartDiscountReferenceTransformService.transformCartDiscountReferences(cartDiscounts);

Reviewer 2: `transformCartDiscountReferences` does not return a CompletableFuture? Also, naming is a bit confusing as in the end the service transforms a cart discount to cart discount draft and reference resolution is just part of the process. Just an idea:

`CartDiscount[Service/Utils].toCartDiscountDrafts(cartDiscounts);`

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/877461e014cc78caa3af31ea2fb883ff1f5aa05e

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/b7c447212e690ccc9422b14dc2555f6553bf602f

````

The cache here is used for a better performance. 

> Instead of expanding the references in the query for cartDiscount resource. `CartDiscountReferenceTransformService` will execute a query to fetch key values for the Ids(nonCached) and store in cache. These cached id to key values then can be used by another resource for resolving its references instead of fetching from commercetools API. It turns out, having the in-memory LRU cache will improve the overall performance of the sync library and commercetools API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of expanding the references in the query for cartDiscount resource. `CartDiscountReferenceTransformService` will execute a query to fetch key-to-id pairs and store in cache. These cached id to key values then can be used by another resource for resolving its references instead of fetching from commercetools API. It turns out, having the in-memory LRU cache will improve the overall performance of the sync library and commercetools API.
```

> Instead of expanding the references in the query for cartDiscount resource. `CartDiscountReferenceTransformService` will execute a query to fetch key values for the Ids(nonCached) and store in cache. These cached id to key values then can be used by another resource for resolving its references instead of fetching from commercetools API. It turns out, having the in-memory LRU cache will improve the overall performance of the sync library and commercetools API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of expanding the references in the query for cartDiscount resource. `CartDiscountReferenceTransformService` will execute a query to fetch key-to-id pairs and store in cache. These cached id to key values then can be used by another resource for resolving its references instead of fetching from commercetools API. It turns out, having the in-memory LRU cache will improve the overall performance of the sync library and commercetools API.
```

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/ab0e47f74ff70fe50190e2f11de65a9406caab83

> Instead of expanding the references in the query for cartDiscount resource. `CartDiscountReferenceTransformService` will execute a query to fetch key values for the Ids(nonCached) and store in cache. These cached id to key values then can be used by another resource for resolving its references instead of fetching from commercetools API. It turns out, having the in-memory LRU cache will improve the overall performance of the sync library and commercetools API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of expanding the references in the query for cartDiscount resource. `CartDiscountReferenceTransformService` will execute a query to fetch key-id pairs and store in cache. These cached id to key values then can be used by another resource for resolving its references instead of fetching from commercetools API. It turns out, having the in-memory LRU cache will improve the overall performance of the sync library and commercetools API.
```

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/ab0e47f74ff70fe50190e2f11de65a9406caab83

The [`CartDiscountReferenceResolutionUtils`](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/tree/master/src/main/java/com/commercetools/sync/cartdiscounts/utils/CartDiscountReferenceResolutionUtils.java) class now accepts the `cacheMap` and `cartDiscounts`, Then maps to `cartDiscountDrafts` using cached id to key values.

> 

Reviewer 2: Last 2 paragraphs is an implementation detail and probably to much for a user guide/documentation? Especially if it is repetitive information for every sync resource.

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/710/commits/3063179ceb1c38af11b01101ebac71045925b70d
